c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Analytics.Core.dll.config
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Analytics.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Analytics.Core.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Plugin.Security.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\obj\Debug\Analytics.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.Core\obj\Debug\Analytics.Core.pdb
