c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\obj\Debug\Analytics.DI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Analytics.DI.dll.config
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Analytics.DI.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Analytics.DI.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Analytics.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Analytics.Infra.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Plugin.Security.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Analytics.Core.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Analytics.Infra.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\obj\Debug\Analytics.DI.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.DI\obj\Debug\Analytics.DI.pdb
