c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\obj\Debug\Analytics.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Analytics.API.dll.config
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Analytics.API.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Analytics.API.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Analytics.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Analytics.DI.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Analytics.Infra.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.WebApi.Extensions.Compression.Server.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.IO.RecyclableMemoryStream.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Plugin.Security.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.Compression.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Analytics.Core.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Analytics.DI.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Analytics.Infra.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\obj\Debug\Analytics.API.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\obj\Debug\Analytics.API.pdb
C:\Users\Victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
C:\Users\Victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
C:\Users\Victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
C:\Users\Victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
C:\Users\Victor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Analytics.Domain\Analytics.API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
